Updated Chainid [Fixes #1081] (#1084)
MetaMask/metamask-docs: wallet/how-to/send-transactions.md

MetaMask ignores this field.
:::

> The chain ID is derived from the user's current selected network at `window.ethereum.request({method: 'net_version'})`,
> otherwise use `eth_chainId`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The chain ID is derived from the user's current selected network.
Use [`eth_chainId`](/wallet/reference/eth_chainid) to get the user's chain ID.
If you need the network version, use [`net_version`](https://ethereum.org/en/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/#net_version).
```
